PREVIOUSLY
ON "GREY'S ANATOMY"...
(Miranda) YOU UNDERSTAND THERE
ARE RULES TO YOUR PROBATION?
(Addison) THE DIVORCE
WAS FINALIZED THIS MORNING.
I THINK I NEED
A LITTLE TIME TO--
TAKE SOME SPACE.
YEAH.
THE OTHER NIGHT?
THAT WAS ME BREAKING UP
WITH YOU.
I SLEPT WITH ANOTHER GUY.
IT WAS NOT CHEERFUL.
IT WAS DIRTY.
(Cristina) YOU TOLD ME
YOUR HAND WAS FINE.
IT'S NOT FINE!
(Cristina) STOP WORRYING.
WE ARE A WELL-OILED MACHINE.
NOBODY HAS TO KNOW.
***
(Meredith) AS SURGEONS, WE'RE
TRAINED TO LOOK FOR DISEASE.
YOU'RE GOING CAMPING?
YEAH, WITH SHEPHERD. YES.
WITH THE SLEEPING
ON THE GROUND
AND EVERYONE PEEING
BEHIND THE SAME BUSH?
FRESH AIR.
SOMETIMES THE PROBLEM'S
EASILY DETECTED.
WE HAVE BACK-TO-BACK CABGs.
I BOOKED THE O.R.s.
I CANCELED THE O.R.s.
WHY?
BECAUSE I'M GOING CAMPING
WITH SHEPHERD.
***
BUT WHY?
AH, GETTING AWAY,
OUT OF THE CITY,
MEN BEING MEN.
(laughs)
MOUNTAIN MEN IN THE WILD.
AH, THE OPEN ROAD.
THE ROAD NOT TAKEN.
THE UNCHARTED COURSE.
TERRA INCOGNITA.
WELL, OKAY.
MOST OF THE TIME,
YOU NEED TO GO STEP-BY-STEP,
FIRST PROBING THE SURFACE,
LOOKING FOR ANY SIGN
OF TROUBLE...
WE DO HAVE TO MAKE ONE STOP.
***
A MOLE OR A LESION
OR AN UNWELCOME LUMP.
MOUNTAIN MEN IN THE WILD.
YEAH.
TERRA INCOGNITA.
YOU KNOW, THIS IS
MY FIRST CAMPING TRIP.
OH, YOU DON'T SAY?
SO, PRESTON...
ANY OTHER LITTLE SURPRISES?
YOU HAVE SUNSCREEN
AND INSECT REPELLANT?
OH, AND YOU'RE GONNA NEED
A SHOVEL TO BURY YOUR POOP.
IZZIE, I'M NOT 5.
ZIP ME.
AND IF CALLIE CALLS,
WILL YOU TELL HER...
TELL HER I'M A MOUNTAIN MAN.
I'M A MAN ON A MOUNTAIN,
RIGHT, DR. BURKE?
OKAY, HIM I INVITED.
IZZIE BAKED US TREATS.
HAVE FUN WITH YOUR, UM...
SPACE...
OR WHATEVER.
HMM.
I JUST THOUGHT WE NEEDED
AN EXTRA TENT.
MAYBE JOE MISUNDERSTOOD?
HEY, YOU WANT TO FOLLOW US
OR SHOULD WE FOLLOW YOU?
(mumbles softly)
HEY, GUYS.
THAT WASN'T ME, I SWEAR.
***
MOST OF THE TIME,
WE CAN'T TELL WHAT'S WRONG
WITH SOMEBODY
BY JUST LOOKING AT THEM.
AFTER ALL, THEY CAN LOOK
PERFECTLY FINE ON THE OUTSIDE
WHILE THEIR INSIDES TELL US
A WHOLE OTHER STORY.
***
DEREK'S CAMPING--
TAKING TIME,
GETTING SPACE.
PRESTONS DO NOT GO
INTO THE WOODS.
A GUY NAMED PRESTON IS GONNA GET
HIS ASS KICKED BY A SQUIRREL.
IT'S BASICALLY A SLUMBER PARTY.
THEY DO IT OUTSIDE,
WE DO IT INSIDE. THAT'S REALLY
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE.
HAVE YOU SEEN WHAT'S HIS FACE?
ALEX KAREV.
POOR BASTARD
SEEMS TO GET A THRILL
OUT OF TAGGING ALONG AFTER ME.
(laughs)
HE'S CAMPING.
WELL, IN THAT CASE,
HOW'D YOU LIKE TO GET A THRILL
OUT OF TAGGING ALONG AFTER ME?
DR. BAILEY
MAKES THE ASSIGNMENTS.
DR. BAILEY SAYS IT'S FINE.
GO.
STEVENS, CONFERENCE ROOM.
YOU'RE SPENDING THE DAY
WITH A PEER COUNSELOR.
IS THAT LIKE A SHRINK?
THE HOSPITAL'S ALREADY
MAKING ME SEE A SHRINK.
GO...
MEET YOUR PEER,
GET COUNSELED.
EXCITING PROCEDURES ON
THE BOARD TODAY, HUH, YANG?
YES, DR. BAILEY. WHICH ONE
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO START WITH?
(Cristina) ARE THOSE...
(Miranda) MONOPOLY PIECES.
21 OF THEM TO BE EXACT,
MOSTLY HOUSES AND HOTELS.
I ALSO SWALLOWED THE THIMBLE,
THE RACECAR, OH, AND THE SHOE.
ERIC AND HIS OLDER BROTHER
DON'T ALWAYS GET ALONG.
HE WOULDN'T LET ME PLAY MONOPOLY
WITH HIM AND HIS FRIENDS.
THIS WAY NOBODY COULD PLAY.
YANG, WHAT DO YOU RECOMMEND?
IS THIS EVEN SURGICAL?
YANG.
(clears throat)
TRACK AND INVENTORY
ALL THE PIECES,
MEASURE THE PROGRESS
IN X-RAYS,
KEEP EXAMINING THE STOOL.
VERY GOOD.
ENJOY.
OH...
DR. BAILEY, ISN'T THIS
MORE OF A NURSE'S JOB?
ARE YOU TOO GOOD
TO HELP THAT BOY?
YES.
I-I JUST THOUGHT
I'D BE MORE HELP
IF I WAS ASSISTING YOU
IN A SURGERY.
NO SURGERIES FOR YOU.
NO, I'M--I'M SORRY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU ERASED MY NAME
FROM THE O.R. BOARD.
I-I'M--I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
NO, DON'T DO THAT.
DON'T GIVE ME THAT FAKE
CONFUSED LOOK.
IT IRRITATES ME. YOU KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
YOU ERASED MY NAME FROM BURKE'S
HUMPTY DUMPTY SURGERY.
I KNOW IT, AND YOU KNOW IT.
WHAT I DON'T KNOW IS WHY.
I...
HAVE NO COMMENT.
NO SURGERIES.
OKAY, BEFORE YOU START,
THERE ARE RULES TO THIS...
FRIENDSHIP THING OR WHATEVER.
THE DIRTY MISTRESSES CLUB
HAS RULES?
GOSH, YOU'D THINK A BUNCH
OF DIRTY MISTRESSES
WOULD BE A LITTLE LESS UPTIGHT
ABOUT THINGS LIKE RULES.
NUMBER ONE, NO FLIRTING.
SECOND,
NO TALKING ABOUT DEREK.
"C"--NO GIVING ME THE FACE.
THE FACE?
THE McSTEAMY FACE.
IT DOESN'T WORK ON ME.
I'M IMMUNE.
YOU KNOW, IF I'D GONE OFF
TO THE WOODS,
I WOULD HAVE INVITED YOU
TO KEEP ME WARM.
BREAKING RULES
ONE, TWO AND THREE.
OH! IZZIE!
SYDNEY.
YOU'RE MY COUNSELOR.
PEER COUNSELOR.
WE'RE EQUALS.
(laughs) OH.
HOW ARE YOU?
FINE. I'M FINE.
NOW THAT IS
"OUTSIDE IZZIE" TALKING.
OKAY?
HOW'S "INSIDE IZZIE"?
(chuckles)
(elevator bell dings)
SO... YOU AND DEREK,
YOU GUYS TOGETHER OR...
JUST ANSWER THE QUESTION,
AND I'LL STOP ASKING.
DEREK AND I ARE TAKING
SOME SPACE.
YOU'RE TAKING SPACE
FROM EACH OTHER,
OR HE'S TAKING SOME SPACE
FROM YOU?
DEREK AND I--
THERE'S JUST A LOT OF WATER
UNDER THE... THING
OR SOMETHING.
WHATEVER. (sighs)
MY KNIGHT IN SHINING
POLY-COTTON.
MORNING, DONNA.
VICKY.
HOW WAS THE TRIP?
SMOOTH, PERFECT.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
SHE'S STILL HAVING
SOME PENIS ISSUES.
I'M SORRY?
AM I MISSING SOMETHING?
I BELIEVE YOU'RE MISSING
THE FACT THAT DR. SLOAN
IS PLANNING TO REMOVE
MY HUSBAND'S PENIS
THIS AFTERNOON.
OH. UH...
AND YOUR HUSBAND IS?
RIGHT HERE.
(Meredith) DANIEL GIBSON, 34,
IN FOR
SEXUAL REASSIGNMENT SURGERY,
(Mark) DONNA, NOT DANIEL.
SHE'S BEEN LIVING AS DONNA
FOR TWO YEARS.
COME ON, GREY.
SO ESSENTIALLY TODAY,
WE ARE INVERTING HIS,
UH, HER, UH--
HER PENIS.
THAT'S OKAY.
YOU'LL GET IT. (laughs)
YOU KNOW THE STEPS
FOR A VAGINOPLASTY?
NOT EXACTLY.
WELL, IF YOU WANT TO GET IN
ON THIS OPERATION TODAY,
YOU BETTER LEARN.
DON'T PAY ANY ATTENTION
TO HIM.
YOU'RE DOING VERY WELL.
BETTER THAN I DID
WHEN I FIRST FOUND OUT.
WE JUST NEED TO RUN
A FEW PRE-OP LABS,
MAKE SURE EVERYTHING'S
IN WORKING ORDER.
AND THEN SURGERY... TODAY?
YEAH. BIG DAY, DONNA.
YOU EXCITED?
EXCITED DOESN'T BEGIN
TO COVER IT.
YOU'RE GONNA DO GREAT.
THAT IS A NICE-LOOKING
PICNIC BASKET.
AH, THANK YOU.
THE CONCIERGE AT THE HOTEL
PUT IT TOGETHER.
WE GOT CRACKERS, UH, PâTé
AND AN ASSORTMENT
OF SEATTLE SOFT CHEESES.
NO, THANKS.
DUDE, HE BROUGHT SILVERWARE.
(laughs) YOU SHOULD TALK.
HAVE YOU EVER
BEEN CAMPING BEFORE?
WHAT?
A T-SHIRT AND SNEAKERS?
HA! YOU'LL FREEZE
YOUR ASS OFF.
SO? I'M WEARING A JACKET.
JUST DO ME A FAVOR.
DON'T COME CRAWLING TO ME
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
WHEN YOU WANT TO HUDDLE
FOR WARMTH.
THAT'S
A GOOD-LOOKING TENT, JOE.
UH, YOU AND WALTER
GOT ROOM FOR ONE MORE?
I THOUGHT YOU'D BE SLEEPING
WITH ONE OF THE DOCTORS.
WELL, PRESTON'S ALREADY GOT
O'MALLEY FOR A ROOMMATE,
AND, UM...
JUST BETWEEN YOU AND ME,
UM, THOSE OTHER TENTS
ARE PRETTY PUNY.
WELL, WALTER AND I WERE SORT OF
WANTING TO SHARE THIS ONE,
JUST THE TWO OF US.
BUT I GUESS
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO...
CHIEF, I-I DON'T THINK
YOU REALLY...
THEY'VE OFFERED, KAREV.
CHIEF,
THEY WANT TO BE ALONE.
(whispering indistinctly)
OH!
SO YOU ARE, UM...
UH, CHIEF.
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
MAN LOVE. (chuckles)
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
M-MY--MY COUSIN'S GAY,
SO I'M--I'M HIP.
AND "BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN,"
AND ALL OF THAT.
UH, WHO'S READY
TO GO FISHING?
UH, ME. ME. I'M READY.
OKAY, YEAH. LET'S GO. OKAY.
FISHING... (mumbles)
GUESS WHAT I'M DOING TODAY.
REMOVING A MAN'S PENIS.
YOU GOT AN S.R.S.?
SERIOUSLY?
HE'S, UH--SHE, SHE--
IS ONE OF SLOAN'S PATIENTS.
OH, GOD.
THAT SHOULD BE ME.
I SHOULD BE TURNING
A PENIS INTO A VAGINA.
THAT SHOULD BE MY PENIS.
I HAVE TO HIDE.
SYDNEY IS MY PEER COUNSELOR.
"HEAL WITH LOVE" SYDNEY.
OH. EW.
EW.
YEAH, I'M SUPPOSED TO BE
SHADOWING HER
AND DIALOGUING ALL DAY,
UNLESS I CAN COME UP WITH
A GOOD MEDICAL REASON NOT TO.
ANYBODY? ANYTHING?
(toilet flushes)
(nasally) COUPLE OF HOUSES
AND THE DOG.
THAT'S NINE PIECES SO FAR.
I LOVE THE DOG.
I'M ALWAYS THE DOG
WHEN I PLAY MONOPOLY.
(elevator bell dings)
UH, I GOT A PAGE.
JAMIE CARR--
SHE SLIPPED AND FELL
IN THE SHOWER THIS MORNING.
I CAN'T SEE MY OWN FEET.
I... DID THIS.
OOH, NASTY BREAK.
OH! AH.
SHE HASN'T HAD ANY MEDS
FOR THE PAIN?
SHE REFUSED.
SHE'S TOUGHING IT OUT.
OH, DON'T DO THAT.
DON'T TOUGH IT OUT.
JUST SAY YES.
WELL, THE BABY--
I-I KNOW DR. MONTGOMERY
SAID IT WAS ALL RIGHT.
BUT I'LL SUFFER.
IS HE OKAY? I...
HE WAS KICKING LIKE CRAZY,
AND--AND NOW--
IT'S POSSIBLE
THAT HE'S JUST SLEEPING.
SO... OUR SON SLEEPS.
(chuckles)
HE'S JUST SLEEPING, JAMIE.
DO I NEED A CAST?
DEFINITELY.
BUT FIRST WE NEED
TO STRAIGHTEN THE BONES.
WE'LL JUST PUT YOUR ARM
IN THIS KIND OF FANCY SLING,
AND USE GRAVITY TO HELP
REALIGN THE BONES.
COULD YOU EXCUSE ME
JUST A MOMENT?
I'LL BE--I'VE GOT A...
TRADE YOU?
VICKY.
INSURANCE FORMS.
DONNA GETS HIS SURGERIES,
AND I DO THE FORMS.
SUPER FUN.
WELL, YOU SEEM TO BE
HANDLING THIS REMARKABLY WELL.
WELL, I LEFT AT FIRST...
WHEN SHE...
WHEN HE TOLD ME.
YOU PLAN A LIFE TOGETHER,
YOU KNOW,
KIDS, AND SUDDENLY,
THAT'S ALL OUT THE WINDOW.
SUDDENLY YOUR HUSBAND IS
THIS OTHER GIRL IN YOUR HOUSE
WHO'S BORROWING YOUR EYELINER
AND WAXING HER LEGS.
BUT YOU CAME BACK.
WHY?
HONESTLY, RIGHT NOW
I HAVE NO IDEA.
I'M REALLY GONNA MISS
THE PENIS.
(sniffling)
YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE. I'M OKAY.
I'M GOOD.
(laughs and sniffles)
DON'T MAKE ME CLIMB OVER
THIS STALL.
I'LL DO IT,
BUT I'LL BE REALLY PISSED
'CAUSE I DON'T KNOW YOU
THAT WELL.
(sniffles)
YOU'RE NOT OKAY.
OH, I DON'T KNOW WHY...
(sniffles) THERE'S NO REASON
THAT THIS SHOULD AFFECT ME
THIS MUCH.
I'M USED TO THIS.
I AM, BUT...
USED TO WHAT?
THAT WOMAN.
YESTERDAY, SHE'S JUST
AS HEALTHY AS CAN BE.
UH, AND TODAY...
TODAY HER BABY'S DEAD.
(sobs)
***
SO, UH...
HOW LONG YOU AND WALTER
BEEN TOGETHER?
TEN YEARS, ON AND OFF.
BUT NOW, DEFINITELY ON.
THINKING ABOUT KIDS.
THAT'S A BIG STEP.
YOU HAVE KIDS?
NO.
OH, I WORK A LOT.
ADELE AND I, W--
WELL, SHE ALWAYS SAID
SHE DIDN'T WANT
TO RAISE KIDS ALONE.
WALTER SAYS THE SAME THING.
HE DOES?
WELL, I'M ALWAYS WORKING
AT THE BAR.
BUT WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO, RIGHT?
IF I'M NOT THERE,
WHO'S GONNA RUN THE PLACE?
EXACTLY.
BUT WALTER...
IF I HAVE TO MAKE A CHANGE,
I'LL DO IT.
I CAN'T IMAGINE MY LIFE
WITHOUT HIM, YOU KNOW?
***
VERY NICE, O'MALLEY.
AT LEAST ONCE A MONTH,
MY DAD WOULD TAKE ME
AND MY BROTHERS TO WHITE RIVER.
WELL, YOUR DAD
TAUGHT YOU WELL.
HOW ARE YOU AND, UH,
DR. TORRES DOING THESE DAYS?
GOOD.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW IT YET,
BUT WE ARE.
EXCELLENT, EVEN.
FOR A WHILE, UH,
SHE WANTED, I DON'T KNOW,
A CERTAIN LEVEL OF COMMITMENT,
AND I JUST DIDN'T FEEL
THAT I WAS RE--
NOW I AM, THOUGH.
SO YOU'RE STEPPING UP?
I'M STEPPING UP.
YOU KNEW, RIGHT,
WHEN IT WAS THE RIGHT TIME
WITH YOU AND CRISTINA?
RIGHT.
***
YOU OKAY?
ABSOLUTELY.
BECAUSE, UH--
WE'RE HERE TO FISH,
REMEMBER?
RIGHT.
I'M GONNA SEE IF I CAN GET
A BETTER BITE DOWNSTREAM.
OKAY.
(Mark) I'M SORRY, DONNA,
THE LABS DON'T LIE.
BREAST CANCER?
I'M SORRY.
I'M REALLY...
THE NEEDLE ASPIRATION
SHOWED ABNORMAL CELLS
IN YOUR BREAST TISSUE.
RARE, BUT IT HAPPENS.
WELL, SO THE HORMONES
I'VE BEEN TAKING
ARE ESSENTIALLY
GIVING ME CANCER?
YES. THAT'S WHY WE NEED
TO STOP THE HORMONE THERAPY
AND START THE TREATMENT.
OR THE CANCER
WILL GET WORSE.
THE OPERATION?
THERE'D REALLY BE NO POINT.
ONCE WE STOP THE HORMONES,
YOUR BREASTS WILL SHRINK,
YOUR FACIAL HAIR
WILL GROW BACK.
SHE'LL BECOME A MAN AGAIN.
WHAT IF I DO THE OPERATION,
KEEP TAKING THE HORMONES?
WHAT--WHAT HAPPENS THEN?
DONNA YOU REALLY WANT
TO TREAT THIS NOW
WHILE IT'S STILL IN ITS
EARLY STAGES.
SO IF I KEEP TAKING
THE HORMONES...
YOU'D BE FEEDING THE CANCER.
I COULD DIE?
ARE YOU SAYING
IF I BECOME A WOMAN,
I COULD DIE?
***
THEY ARE A HAPPY COUPLE.
LOOK AT THEM.
THEY LOVE EACH OTHER.
THEY SHOULD HAVE EVERYTHING.
(Addison)
HAPPY PEOPLE SHOULD HAVE...
HAPPY THINGS HAPPEN TO THEM.
I GOTTA GO TELL 'EM.
WAIT. (sighs)
THE MOMENT YOU TELL THEM,
THEY WON'T BE HAPPY ANYMORE.
GIVE 'EM A FEW MORE MINUTES.
LET 'EM BE HAPPY...
A FEW MORE MINUTES.
***
SO YOU'RE GETTIN' BACK
WITH CALLIE?
YEAH.
TRUST ME, MAN,
I DON'T THINK
YOU REALLY WANT TO DO THAT.
REALLY?
REALLY.
I GUESS WHEN I GET BACK,
I'M GONNA TELL HER
THAT WE SHOULDN'T
SEE EACH OTHER ANYMORE,
AND THEN WHEN SHE ASKS WHY,
I'M JUST GONNA SAY,
"WELL, ALEX KAREV THINKS
OUR RELATIONSHIP
ISN'T SUCH A GOOD IDEA."
YOU THINK THAT'LL DO
THE TRICK?
FINE. SUIT YOURSELF.
THIS WAS MY CAMPING TRIP.
I WAS GONNA COME ALONE.
SO WHY DID YOU INVITE ME?
BECAUSE...
IT'S A GUY TRIP, YOU KNOW?
MOUNTAIN MEN.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY FRIENDS,
DO YOU?
OF COURSE I HAVE FRIENDS.
GUY FRIENDS?
YES.
I JUST NEED PEACE...
SPACE.
I HAVE A RIGHT TO SPACE.
AND YOU GO AND INVITE
HALF THE HOSPITAL.
THAT'S BECAUSE I HAVE
GUY FRIENDS.
THERE YOU ARE.
I HAVE BEEN LOOKING
ALL OVER.
OH, DR. YANG NEEDED SOME HELP
WITH THIS PATIENT.
SHE NEEDED SOME HELP.
(chuckles)
OH, WELL...
PATIENT CARE
ALWAYS COMES FIRST.
SO...
UH, WHAT...
OH, I'LL JUST WAIT.
WAIT?
YEAH, FOR YOU TO FINISH,
AND THEN WE'LL DIALOGUE.
OKAY.
SO... WHAT HAPPENS
WITH DONNA NOW?
SHE GOES BACK TO BEING
AN UNHAPPY MAN
WHO'S STUCK WITH A PENIS.
THERE ARE MILLIONS OF US
OUT THERE.
YOU'RE UNHAPPY
WITH YOUR PENIS?
I COULD BE
A LOT LESS UNHAPPY.
MAYBE IT'S FOR THE BEST
THAT HE'S TAKING SOME SPACE.
MAYBE... YOU TWO
AREN'T MEANT TO BE TOGETHER.
LOOK, DEREK...
ON THE OUTSIDE,
HE HOLDS IT ALL TOGETHER,
BUT HE'S DAMAGED GOODS,
MEREDITH.
IT'S MY FAULT.
I DAMAGED HIM, MAYBE FOREVER.
YOU REALLY WANT TO DRINK
FROM A POISONED WELL?
DR. SLOAN...
YOU HAVE TO TALK TO HER.
DONNA SAYS SHE WANTS TO
GO THROUGH WITH THE OPERATION.
JOE AND WALTER GOT TIRED
OF NOT CATCHING ANY FISH.
THEY WENT FOR A HIKE.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT?
JOE AND WALTER?
OH, NO, NO, NO.
JOE AND WALTER ARE GREAT.
I MEAN THAT WE HAVEN'T
CAUGHT ANY FISH.
ANY THEORIES?
JUST ONE--FISH GENERALLY
DON'T LIKE TO GO
WHERE THERE'S
A LOT OF NOISE.
YOU NOTICE ANYTHING
GOING ON WITH BURKE?
NO.
'CAUSE BEFORE,
I THOUGHT I SAW--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU DON'T USE BAIT
WHEN YOU'RE CASTING.
IT'S GONNA FALL OFF
BEFORE IT HITS THE WATER.
HERE. WHAT ARE YOU--
HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE, HERE.
WHAT YOU WANT TO--
SHE'S SLEEPING
WITH SLOAN, DUDE.
WHAT?
CALLIE.
SHE'S SLEEPING WITH SLOAN.
NO, SHE'S NOT.
TORRES IS DOING SLOAN.
YOU BETTER TAKE THAT BACK.
(Derek) YEAH, PEOPLE CHATTING,
LAUGHING, MOVING AROUND,
THAT SORT OF THING?
THAT SORT OF THING
LET'S THE FISH KNOW
THAT THEY'RE NOT ALONE.
THAT'S THE THEORY.
SO I INVITED OTHER PEOPLE?
I'M JUST SAYING,
IT'S NOT A FRAT PARTY.
(George) TAKE IT BACK!
NOTHING TO TAKE BACK.
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
BREAK IT UP! BREAK IT UP!
I DON'T CONDONE FIGHTING.
I DON'T LIKE FIGHTING.
I THINK IT IS POINTLESS
AND FOOLISH.
BUT YOU TWO IDIOTS
SEEM DETERMINED
TO BEAT THE HELL
OUT OF EACH OTHER.
SO IF YOU'RE GONNA DO IT,
YOU'RE GONNA DO IT
BY MY RULES.
RULES?
YES, O'MALLEY, RULES,
TO HELP YOU PROTECT YOUR HANDS
SO YOU DON'T DO IRREPARABLE
DAMAGE TO THEM...
(whispers) YOU'RE DEAD.
DAMAGE THAT WOULD END
YOUR CAREERS
BEFORE THEY EVEN STARTED.
SO WITH THAT IN MIND, WE'RE
GONNA DO OPEN-HANDED COMBAT.
A SLAP FIGHT?
OPEN-HANDED COMBAT. THERE WILL
BE NO SCRATCHING, NO BITING.
ALSO...
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
KAREV IS GONNA KILL HIM.
NOT NECESSARILY.
(Richard) NO PUNCHING,
NO KICKING,
NO WRESTLING MOVES
OF ANY KIND.
NOW ANY QUESTIONS?
THAT DOESN'T LEAVE US
WITH MUCH.
ALL RIGHT.
***
O'MALLEY'S A SCRAPPER.
A SCRAPPER?
HE'S GONNA DESTROY HIM.
HE'S TOUGHER THAN HE LOOKS--
SILENT, BUT DEADLY.
(Alex) GIVE UP ALREADY, MAN.
I'M GONNA KILL YA.
THIS IS IMMATURE AND STUPID.
(George) I'VE ALREADY KICKED
YOUR ASS ONCE.
I THINK YOU'D AGREE WITH ME.
(Alex) SUCKER PUNCHES
DON'T COUNT.
THEY'RE LETTING OFF
SOME STEAM.
(George) YOU'RE GONNA BE
SO SORRY.
THIS IS WHY YOU DON'T HAVE
ANY GUY FRIENDS.
YEAH, THIS IS WHY
I SHOULD'VE COME ALONE.
I'VE WANTED THIS
SINCE I CAN REMEMBER.
I'VE WAITED FOREVER.
I'M NOT STOPPING NOW.
DONNA, LISTEN TO ME--
IF YOU DON'T DO
THE OPERATION,
I'M GONNA GO TO NEW YORK
AND FIND ANOTHER DOCTOR.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE A VERY HARD
TIME FINDING A SURGEON--
I'LL FIND ONE.
(Mark) DONNA, I'M TRYING
TO SAVE YOUR LIFE.
AS A MAN.
I AM NOT A MAN.
I'LL FIGHT THE CANCER.
I'LL JUST FIGHT IT AS A WOMAN.
FOR GOD'S SAKE,
WAKE UP, DANIEL!
MY NAME IS DONNA.
I'M NOT GONNA STAND BY
AND WATCH YOU KILL YOURSELF.
(scoffs)
I NEED VICKY TO LOVE ME.
BUT I NEED HER TO LOVE... ME.
(Jamie) OH, MY GOD.
PLEASE, TELL ME IT'S GONNA
STOP HURTING SOON.
YOU'RE ALMOST DONE.
(man) WHEN OUR SON'S 15,
AND HE'S YELLING AT YOU
THAT YOU NEVER DID
ANYTHING FOR HIM,
YOU CAN GUILT HIM
WITH THE WRIST.
(Jamie laughs)
(man chuckles)
TED, JAMIE, I NEED
TO TALK TO YOU...
ABOUT THE BABY.
DR. MONTGOMERY...
YOU HAVE TO SAY IT.
I WON'T BELIEVE IT
UNLESS YOU SAY IT.
YOU HAVE TO SAY IT.
THANKS FOR THIS, IZZIE.
THANK YOU.
NO GOOD DEED
GOES UNPUNISHED.
"GOOD DEED"?
YOU'RE MAKING ME DIG
THROUGH CRAP.
IT'S NOT LIKE I ASKED HER
TO SPEND THE DAY WITH ME.
(Sydney) OH.
OOH-WEE.
HOW'S IT GOIN' IN THERE?
ANY LUCK?
OKAY, I CAN'T HAVE
THAT GRINNING PUPPET HEAD
STARE AT ME ANOTHER SECOND,
SO JUST GO.
CRISTINA.
HEY, THIS IS MY CRAP.
THIS IS MY CRAP.
BAILEY ASSIGNED ME THIS CRAP.
YOU GET SYDNEY.
FINE. COME ON, SYDNEY.
WE CAN GO.
OKEYDOKEY, SMOKEY.
(laughs)
(Izzie chuckles)
MAN, I THOUGHT MY BROTHER
AND I HAD PROBLEMS,
BUT YOU TWO ARE MORONS.
OKAY, WELL, SWALLOWING
MONOPOLY PIECES
WASN'T EXACTLY
A GENIUS MOVE.
YOU COULD'VE
REALLY HURT YOURSELF.
I DIDN'T, DID I?
NOW MY MOM'S
GONNA MAKE MY BROTHER
LET ME PLAY
ALL THE MONOPOLY I WANT.
I GET TO PLAY.
IT'S ALL THAT MATTERS,
GETTING TO PLAY.
AND THAT MAKES YOU SMART?
YOU'RE FISHING THROUGH MY POOP.
HOW SMART ARE YOU?
***
TAKE IT BACK.
NOTHING TO TAKE BACK.
THAT'S RIGHT, KAREV.
WHATEVER IT WAS,
DON'T TAKE IT BACK.
(Derek) YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHY THEY'RE FIGHTING.
(Preston) ARMS UP, O'MALLEY.
DON'T DROP YOUR ARMS.
***
HEY, HEY, NO WRESTLING.
NO WRESTLING.
COME ON, COME ON.
THIS IS STUPID.
GEORGE IS DEFENDING
HIS HONOR.
KAREV SAID THAT, UH, SLOAN'S
BEEN SLEEPING WITH TORRES.
HE WHAT?
O'MALLEY, ARMS UP.
***
(grunting)
NEXT TIME,
WE'RE NOT GOING CAMPING
WITH STRAIGHT GUYS.
OH, WATCH--OH, NO. GOD.
SO BASICALLY,
YOU'RE GETTING PAID
TO LOOK AT PENISES ALL DAY.
I'M STUDYING FOR McSTEAMY'S
REASSIGNMENT SURGERY.
YOU LIKE McSTEAMY.
YES.
I MEAN, NO.
NO, NOT LIKE THAT.
JUST... YOU KNOW,
HE THINKS I'M BETTER OFF
WITHOUT DEREK'S BAGGAGE.
THINKS THERE'S
TOO MUCH HISTORY THERE.
MAYBE IN HIS OWN SICK,
TWISTED WAY,
HE'S JUST TRYING
TO PROTECT ME.
PROTECT YOU?
MAYBE.
HEY, UM...
UH, WHEN YOUR M-MOTHER
WAS FIRST DIAGNOSED
WITH ALZHEIMER'S...
UH, WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ANYONE?
UH, SHE ASKED ME NOT TO.
WHY?
SO YOU THINK IT WAS RIGHT
TO KEEP HER SECRET?
YES. WHY?
EVEN IF IT MEANT
YOU HAD TO FISH CRAP
OUT OF A TOILET ALL DAY
AND PROBABLY
FOR YEARS TO COME?
OKAY, REWIND.
START AT THE BEGINNING.
(pager beeps)
WHOSE SECRET
ARE YOU KEEPING?
OH, WAIT.
(moaning)
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?
HE WAS FINE ONE MINUTE,
AND THEN HE JUST--
ERIC, LAY DOWN, OKAY?
(groaning)
(Cristina)
OH, HIS ABDOMEN IS RIGID.
THERE'S BLOOD IN THE VOMIT.
HE'S PERFED. PAGE BAILEY.
(Preston)
THERE'S A LOT OF BLOOD,
BUT, UH, IT DIDN'T PENETRATE
THE GALEA.
(Joe) IS THAT A GOOD THING?
(Derek) YEAH, IT MEANS WE
DON'T HAVE TO DO DEEP STITCHES.
YOU'RE USING A FISHING HOOK?
AH, DON'T WORRY.
WE STERILIZED IT.
ALSO CLIPPED OFF THE BARB.
IT'S GOOD AS A NEEDLE.
ALL RIGHT, WOUND'S CLEAN.
(Richard) MM-HMM.
JUST KEEP SOME PRESSURE
ON THERE, WILL YOU, CHIEF?
GOT IT.
OKAY, WE'RE GONNA DO
SOME STITCHES NOW,
ALL RIGHT, WALTER?
IS IT GONNA HURT?
YES.
IT'S OKAY.
(spray can hisses)
KAREV, YOU WANNA SEW HIM UP?
OH, NO. NO. NO, FORGET IT.
I WANT AN ATTENDING.
(Alex) THANKS, DUDE.
WE'RE DOING SOME KIND
OF CRAZY MacGYVER SURGERY
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WOODS.
I WANT WHAT'S BEST
FOR MY GUY, OKAY? NO OFFENSE.
DON'T WORRY. DR. BURKE'S
REALLY GOOD AT DOING THIS.
WELL, YOU ARE, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
(Walter groaning)
THERE'S STILL
A LITTLE BLEEDING THERE.
(Richard) HOLD ON, WALTER.
YOU GOT IT?
I ALWAYS HAVE IT.
(clears throat)
YOU WANT SOMETHING?
HE IS MY PATIENT.
I'VE BEEN WITH HIM ALL DAY.
IF THERE'S ANY CHANCE THAT
I CAN GET IN ON THIS SURGERY,
I'D REALLY--
WHY'D YOU ERASE
MY NAME FROM THE BOARD?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
YOU REALLY WANNA GO
HEAD-TO-HEAD WITH ME ON THIS?
YOU REALLY WANT THAT?
RIGHT NOW, THIS SECOND,
IN THIS MOMENT,
(Izzie clears throat)
SO TELL ME ABOUT DENNY.
WHAT?
YEAH, IT HELPS TO, UH...
TO TALK ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
SO AS MUCH AS YOU CAN--
OKAY, WE ARE DONE HERE.
IZZIE, REALLY...
IT HELPS TO SHARE.
NO. I DON'T WANT
TO SHARE WITH YOU.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I'VE BEEN
DOING ALL DAY?
SIFTING THROUGH FECES.
I WOULD RATHER SIFT THROUGH
FECES THAN TALK TO YOU.
AND NOW YOU BRING UP DENNY
LIKE YOU WANT ME TO--
TO GOSSIP WITH YOU.
WELL, I UNDERSTAND THIS--
THIS MUST BE DIFFICULT.
YOU UNDERSTAND? REALLY? WHAT,
YOU CUT SOMEONE'S LVAD WIRE?
YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH A MAN
AND HE DIED?
WELL, NO, BUT--
THEN HOW IN THE HELL
COULD YOU POSSIBLY KNOW?
(Mark) GREY,
WHAT'S OUR NEXT STEP?
CONTINUE THE PRIMARY INCISION
OF THE VENTRAL SIDE
OF THE SHAFT.
I AM SURPRISED YOU AGREED
TO DO THE SURGERY.
PEOPLE DON'T COME TO ME
TO FIX WHAT'S ON THE OUTSIDE.
THEY COME TO ME TO FIX
WHAT'S ON THE INSIDE.
IF THAT MEANS GIVING SOMEONE
A STRAIGHTER NOSE
OR BIGGER BREASTS OR...
IF THAT HELPS
A PERSON GET BY...
I DON'T RUN. I DON'T HIDE.
I DON'T TAKE SPACE.
***
WELL, DON'T LOOK AT ME.
I DIDN'T START IT.
KAREV.
WHAT? I JUST CAME OUT HERE
TO HAVE SOME FUN.
THEN THE GUY GETS ALL OVER ME
ABOUT WHAT I'M WEARING.
HE JUST RUBS ME
THE WRONG WAY.
YOU'RE ON A CAMPING TRIP.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE ENJOYING
THE GREAT OUTDOORS.
YOU KNOW I GREW UP
IN A BAR?
LITERALLY IN A BAR.
MY DAD WAS ALWAYS DOING
ONE OF TWO THINGS IN THERE--
PLAYING MUSIC OR DRINKING.
DUDE NEVER EVEN TOOK ME
TO THE PARK.
I JUST FIGURED
THIS WAS MY CHANCE
TO GET OUT WITH THE GUYS.
THE ONE TIME I TRY...
YOU WANTED TO BE
A DIFFERENT PERSON.
THEY'RE A HAPPY COUPLE.
YEAH.
I MISS MY WIFE.
***
YOU HAVE HIGH STANDARDS.
(chuckles)
YOUR STANDARDS ARE TOO HIGH.
YOU...
MAKE PEOPLE OUT TO BE...
AND PEOPLE MAKE MISTAKES.
YOUR STANDARDS ARE TOO HIGH.
YOU SEE A FLAW, YOU ATTACK.
WAIT, WAIT.
SO YOU'RE SAYING THAT, UH,
IF CRISTINA
DID SOMETHING LIKE--
CRISTINA AND I ARE A TEAM.
WE ARE A TEAM.
YOU'RE EITHER PART OF A TEAM
OR YOU PLAY ALONE
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
***
(groans)
GOOD. PUSH, JAMIE.
(Jamie groans)
OKAY...
I NEED YOU TO PUSH
ONE MORE TIME, JAMIE. TED.
(mouths words)
(sobs)
ONE MORE TIME. PUSH.
(Addison) PUSH.
(groans)
PUSH.
PUSH. GOOD.
WE GOT IT.
(sobbing)
***
OH.
(Jamie and Ted sobbing)
***
(Jamie sobs)
SO THAT MARK SLOAN...
HE'S BAD NEWS.
AH, HE'S A CANCER.
HE INFECTS EVERYBODY.
WHAT ARE WE, THREE HOURS
OUT OF SEATTLE?
AND STILL...
HE INFECTS EVERYTHING.
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT
IF I JUST GOT AWAY
FOR A WHILE BY MYSELF,
I'D GET SOME ANSWERS,
GET A FRESH START.
FRESH STARTS--
NO SUCH THING.
ANY OTHER WORDS
OF WISDOM THERE, CHIEF?
I'M LIVING IN A HOTEL.
I BUY MOST OF MY CLOTHES
FROM THE HOTEL GIFT SHOP,
AND MY WIFE WON'T SPEAK TO ME.
(Preston)
OH, DON'T LOOK AT ME.
I CAME OUT HERE FOR
THE SAME REASONS YOU DID.
I HAVE NO WISDOM.
THERE IS NO WISDOM HERE.
MM. SO IN OTHER WORDS...
WE'RE ALL A BUNCH OF IDIOTS.
(Preston) YES.
(Richard) YES.
WHO WANTS TO GO HOME?
***
I LOST A KID....
MY FIRST YEAR.
IT WAS MY FAULT.
AND I JUST COULDN'T...
SO I HAD A BREAKDOWN.
THEY GAVE ME TIME OFF,
AND WHEN I CAME BACK,
I PUT A SMILE ON MY FACE,
AND EVERYBODY THOUGHT
I WAS FINE.
I LOST A KID.
IT COMES IN WAVES, IZZIE.
THERE'S A LULL,
AND THEN...
ANOTHER WAVE HITS YOU.
I WASN'T TRYING TO PRY.
I JUST WANTED YOU TO KNOW
THAT... IT'S OKAY
NOT TO BE FINE S-SOMETIMES.
I MISS HIM.
ALL THE TIME, I MISS HIM.
IT'S NOT WAVES, IT'S CONSTANT,
ALL THE TIME.
AND I WALK THROUGH THE DOORS
OF THIS HOSPITAL,
AND I WANT TO BE HERE,
I DO.
BUT I...
I DON'T KNOW...
IF I CAN BE A SURGEON AGAIN,
AND I CAN'T TALK ABOUT IT
BECAUSE IT SCARES ME TOO MUCH.
OKAY?
OKAY.
YOU CAME BACK.
I WAS HEADING HOME.
I WAS ON MY WAY
TO THE AIRPORT,
AND THEN...
YOU KNOW, YOU ASKED BEFORE
WHY I CAME BACK
THE FIRST TIME.
YOU KNOW,
I TRIED NOT TO.
I WENT ON DATES.
I HAD A LOT
OF GREAT FIRST DATES
WITH... GUYS WHO WERE
PLANNING TO STAY GUYS.
(chuckles)
BUT, YOU KNOW,
YOU HAVE A GREAT DATE,
AND YOU WANT TO GO AND TELL
YOUR BEST FRIEND ABOUT IT.
AND MY BEST FRIEND
IS DANIEL.
DONNA.
AND THEN YOU HAVE
A FEW BAD DATES, AND...
SHE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
SHE KNOWS ME. SHE LOVES ME.
SHE'S... MY HUSBAND.
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
IT'S DONNA,
EVEN WHEN SHE HURTS ME,
EVEN WHEN I HATE HER.
***
SHE'S WHO YOU WANT
TO TALK TO.
***
NOT ALL WOUNDS
ARE SUPERFICIAL.
SO...
YOU'RE SLEEPING WITH SLOAN.
(sighs)
WAS.
ME, TOO. WAS.
WHICH IS JUST A HAILSTORM
OF SELF-LOATHING
AND MISERY.
(laughs)
YEAH. (laughs)
(sighs)
HEY, YOU WANT TO, UM...
GET A DRINK OR SOMETHING?
(pager beeps)
***
SOME OTHER TIME THEN.
DEFINITELY.
***
MOST WOUNDS RUN DEEPER
THAN WE CAN IMAGINE.
HE'LL MAKE A FULL RECOVERY.
YOU CAN'T SEE THEM
WITH THE NAKED EYE.
***
YOU'RE BACK.
YES.
(sighs)
I'M GLAD YOU'RE BACK.
ME, TOO.
***
GEORGE, WE NEED TO TALK.
YEAH, I THINK WE DO.
IT'S ABOUT YOUR DAD,
GEORGE.
MY DAD?
AND THEN THERE ARE THE WOUNDS
THAT TAKE US BY SURPRISE.
***
(Mark) SO...
THIS COULD BE JUST A DRINK,
OR THIS COULD BE
MORE THAN A DRINK.
I CANNOT START SOMETHING
WITH YOU.
YOU COULD.
(sighs)
START OVER, MEREDITH.
START FRESH.
***
(pager beeps)
SAVED BY THE BELL.
(inhales deeply)
OH.
ORDER ME ANOTHER BEER.
***
HI.
I'M DEREK SHEPHERD.
(chuckles)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, WE MET AT THIS BAR.
YOU REMEMBER?
WE MET, AND WE--
WELL, YOU SAID, UH,
"I'M JUST A GIRL."
I SAID, "I'M JUST A GUY."
AND WE STARTED THIS THING.
WE STARTED THIS THING.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT ME--
THE GOOD, THE BAD, THE WIFE.
YOU DIDN'T EVEN KNOW MY NAME.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW ME.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW ME.
I WANT TO START OVER
FROM THE BEGINNING.
SO, HI.
DEREK SHEPHERD.
YOU WALKED AWAY.
AND NOW IT'S TOO LATE.
THERE'S TOO MUCH WATER
UNDER THE THING
OR WHATEVER.
MEREDITH...
PLEASE.
THE TRICK WITH ANY KIND
OF WOUND OR DISEASE
IS TO DIG DOWN AND FIND
THE REAL SOURCE OF THE INJURY.
***
HI.
I'M MEREDITH GREY.
***
VERY NICE TO MEET YOU,
MEREDITH.
IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
AND ONCE YOU'VE FOUND IT...
***
TRY LIKE HELL
TO HEAL THAT SUCKER.
***